DOCS-178 Architecture Overview (#71)
hazelcast/cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/dedicated-cluster.adoc

= Dedicated Clusters
:description: {hazelcast-cloud} Dedicated is a managed cloud service that allows you to maintain control over the hardware, resources, and deployment options that are available to your cluster. Dedicated means you get specific servers (cloud instances) all to yourself. 
:page-dedicated: true

{description}

You can design a Hazelcast topology that meets your specific compliance and service design needs.

- Data and security regulations
** Deploy your clusters to specific regions to comply with data residency laws.
** Benefit from strict container isolation for projects that require enhanced security. {hazelcast-cloud} Dedicated is SOC 2 and ISO 27001 compliant.

- Service design

> ** Specify the memory capacity and the number of members for all provisioned clusters. You decide when to xref:scale-up-down.adoc[scale your clusters] if they need more resources.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Specify the number of members in your clusters as well as their memory capacity. You decide when to xref:scale-up-down.adoc[scale your clusters].  
```

Author: Updated as requested.

= Dedicated Clusters

> :description: {hazelcast-cloud} Dedicated is a fully-managed cloud service that allows you to maintain control over the hardware, resources, and deployment options that are available to your cluster. Dedicated means you get specific servers (cloud instances) all to yourself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: {hazelcast-cloud} Dedicated is a managed cloud service that allows you to maintain control over the hardware, resources, and deployment options that are available to your cluster. Dedicated means you get specific servers (cloud instances) all to yourself. 
```

Author: Updated as requested.

:page-dedicated: true

{description}

You can design a Hazelcast topology that meets your specific compliance and service design needs.

> [discrete] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Updated as requested.

> ==== Data and Security Regulations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data and security regulations
```

Author: Updated as requested.

> - Deploy your clusters to specific regions to comply with data residency laws.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Deploy your clusters to specific regions to comply with data residency laws.
```

Author: Updated as requested.

> - Benefit from strict container isolation for projects that require enhanced security. {hazelcast-cloud} Dedicated is SOC 2 and ISO 27001 compliant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Benefit from strict container isolation for projects that require enhanced security. {hazelcast-cloud} Dedicated is SOC 2 and ISO 27001 compliant.
```

Author: Updated as requested.

> [discrete] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Updated as requested.

> ==== Service Design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Service design
```

Author: Updated as requested.

> - Specify the memory capacity and number of nodes for all provisioned clusters. You decide when to scale your clusters if they need more resources.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Specify the memory capacity and the number of nodes for all provisioned clusters. You decide when to scale your clusters if they need more resources.  
```

Need to check if 'nodes' refers to Kubernetes nodes or Hazelcast members.

Author: @kubamarchwicki. Could you confirm the details above?

Reviewer 2: Yes. Hazelcast has members - cluster even brags about it in the logs

```
Members {size:1, ver:1} [
	Member [10.25.131.35]:5701 - bb968318-fec7-4b61-a962-7579a92d9f97 this
]
```

Author: Added explanation to make it clearer what we mean by scaling in and out.

> - Deploy clusters to specific regions or Cloud providers as part of your organization's Cloud strategy.  To reduce network latency, you can deploy clusters in regions that are closest to the location of your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Deploy clusters to specific regions or cloud providers as part of your organization's cloud strategy.  To reduce network latency, you can deploy clusters in regions that are closest to your users' locations.
```

Author: Updated as requested.

> - Benefit from Hazelcast support and predictable monthly billing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Benefit from Hazelcast support and predictable monthly billing.
```

Author: Updated as requested.
